Hi, everyone, and welcome to this
seven minute bodyweight workouts, we're going
to start with a big side lunge. Forty
five seconds of work, 15 seconds of rest.
Are you ready? Come with me. Touch
from side to side. One leg bends and one leg
extended. Keep your torso upright as
you move from side to side. You can find your
own pace or you can follow me or you can
pick up the speed in this workout.
We're going to work the entire body.
Let's go warming up the legs. Few more to go.
-Four, three
-two
-one
-first exercise done unto
-the
-next
-get
-on
-all
-fours, shoulders
-above
-the
-wrist.
-Get on your toes if you can. We're going
-for a big exercise.
-Bring
-your
-right
-knee
-towards
-your
-chest. Take
-it
-on
-the
-knee
-and
-rotate.
Bring your hands to the ceiling.
Other side.
-This
-exercise
-is
-a
-slow
-and
-controlled
-one more time. The right leg. Take it on
the knees, rotate and return. Few
more, come on. Raise the core. All right,
final one, we're going to get back to standing,
you can take your hands behind
your head. We're going for a squat and a knee.
Ready, set, go. So you all the lady
-mes. Are
-you
-going
-to
-sink
-deep
-into
-that
-squats? A
-nice
-twist
-in
-the
-core. And
-if
-it's
too hard to keep
your hands behind your head,
-just
-take
-them
-down.
I feel the end coming four three to one.
All right, we're going to work the upper
body again, shoulders above the rest.
We're going to take a narrow pushup
and walk into a wide chest, push up.
Come with me just to the floor. Now walk
to the right. Big press, return to the middle.
Come again, other side. So we have
one tricep push up, make sure the elbows
move to the back and here to the outside.
Again. Keep breathing and keep the core
engaged. Joe, come on, how many more?
-Can you make in the remaining time?
-One
-more, one
-more.
All right. Back to standing and back
to legs, everything is shake, we're going
for lunges and squats in a combination
with a pulse. Watch me right leg behind pulls
one spot in the middle left leg. Keep
your torso upright and your shoulders above
the hips. Yeah, nice posture. Come on.
And try to sink a little deeper, if you can.
Couple more to go. Make sure. You bet
black has the knee bent, Bent the knee. Last one.
All right, give your hands a shake.
Moving on to the high plank.
-I
-want. A
-down
-dog
-with
-a
-toe
-touch. Come
-on, let's
-do
-it. Reach. Footy, opposite
-ankle. Try to get as far as you can and
bring your hips all the way up to the ceiling.
You can feel everything working
here, the whole body is working.
Just keep going. We're going to be saved
by the bell soon. But now you have a few
more to go. That's it, saved by the bell,
okay a little rest for the final
exercise. We're going to get to our backs for a nice
hips, stretch. OK, squeeze. Up and down.
Squeeze your butt as hard as
you can. Full extension of the hips,
you can feel the hamstrings and feel your
booty. Hey, come on, let's go. The final
rounds. This is all there is to it.
Just keep going and don't stop
moving. We're going to finish this one together.
-All
-right, we're
there. Thank you very much for your
workout with me. I hope to see you next
time. Thank you.